Miss Ye, you have been reared by humans
If not dealt with ASAP
In three days you will be dead
Damn Su Qiang
What's up?
Who made my little princess angry again?
Just a bitch who haunts Aui
His name is Sucho.
He not only robbed Ajing from me
He cursed me to death
Grandpa, make decisions for me
Why is there such a big family?
Grandpa sees him next time
I will definitely help you teach him a lesson.
Zhenzhen
True true true
Don't come here
You will scare you
Zhenzhen
Dead thing you stop me
I'll kill you!
Don't touch him
Since he is a good man
If you can find a silver lining
Can greatly increase my aura
Well, you must be Miss Su
You were really mentioned to me just now.
No matter how much it costs
Please save the Wu family Zhenzhen
Help can
But I don't want money.
I want a ray of kindness in you
good fate